Update to Infinite cage S120 (#1244)
pi-base/data: spaces/S000120/properties/P000023.md

---
space: S000120
property: P000023
value: false
refs:
- doi: 10.1007/978-1-4612-6290-9_6
  name: Counterexamples in Topology
---

> Consider a point $x=(0,\frac{3}{2},0)$. For arbitrary neighbourhood $U$ of $x$ there exists $n\geq 1$ such that
> the sequence $x_k=(\frac{1}{k},\frac{3n-2}{2n},0)$ for $k\geq n$ is contained in $U$. But $(x_k)_{k=n}^\infty$ has no accumulation point in $X$, proving that $U$ is not compact.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Let $x$ be an endpoint of one of the sets $B_n$.
For an arbitrary neighborhood $U$ of $x$, there is a large enough integer $m$ and a sequence of points $x_k\in A_k\cap U$ for $k\ge m$ such that $(x_k)_{k\ge m}$ converges in $\mathbb R^3$ to a point on the $y$-axis that does not belong to $X$.
Then that sequence has no accumulation point in $X$, proving that $U$ is not compact.
```
